adding PROTect project info (#138)
volkamerlab/volkamerlab_org: content/projects/protect.md

---
title: PROTECT
date: 2023-08-28
publishdate: 2023-08-28

weight: 20
nav: false

people:
- key: afnan.sultan
- key: andrea.volkamer

collaborators:
- name: Miriam Mathea
  more: (<a href="https://www.basf.com/" target="_blank" class="external">BASF</a>)
- name: Jochen Sieg
  more: (<a href="https://www.basf.com/" target="_blank" class="external">BASF</a>)

funding:
- name: We thank BASF for financial support

---

> In this project, we want to be able to optimize molecular properties and/or generate new molecules with desired non-toxic properties using the Transformers model. Unlike currently available machine and deep learning methods, self supervised learning models, e.g., the transformers model, provide generalizability by being pre-trained on large unsupervised dataset then fine-tuned on small downstream datasets. The transformers model is highly resourceful with the ability to perform molecular property prediction, optimization, and/or generation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, we aim to explore the potential of transformer models to optimize molecular properties and/or generate new molecules with desired non-toxic properties. 

Unlike currently available machine and deep learning methods, self supervised learning models, e.g., the transformer architecture, provide generalizability by being pre-trained on large unsupervised dataset then fine-tuned on small downstream datasets. The transformer model is highly resourceful with the ability to perform molecular property prediction, optimization, and/or generation. 
```
